[release] Donations (#1872)
WalletWasabi/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-Contribution.md

# Contributions to Wasabi

## Donations

### Why should I donate?

> Wasabi is Free Open Source Software (FOSS), which means it doesn't generate revenue.

Reviewer: maybe rewrite it as it can be confusing due to zkSNACKS era: FOSS but revenue

`Wasabi is Free Open Source Software (FOSS).`
`The developers/contributors do not make money from providing the software.`

or 
""
`The developers/contributors do not make money.`

> However, maintaining and improving the software requires ongoing effort: regular updates are necessary to ensure safety, fix bugs, and continue innovating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, maintaining and improving the software requires ongoing effort, such as maintenance, continuous improvement, bug fixes, testing and regular updates.
```

While Wasabi is one of the best tools available to use Bitcoin privately, achieving flawless financial-sovereign privacy is still a work in progress.
There are many features yet to be implemented, and your support can help make them a reality.

Additionally, contributors cover static costs, such as server expenses and release management, using their personal funds.

By donating, you’re directly supporting the developers who work tirelessly to maintain and improve Wasabi Wallet and make Bitcoin privacy accessible for everyone.

> 

Reviewer: one white line too much

### How I can donate?

You can support The Wasabi Wallet Developers by:

- Clicking the `Donate` button in Wasabi (version > 2.4.0)
- Sending funds to their Silent Payment address: `sp1qq2exrz9xjumnvujw7zmav4r3vhfj9rvmd0aytjx0xesvzlmn48ctgqnqdgaan0ahmcfw3cpq5nxvnczzfhhvl3hmsps683cap4y696qecs7wejl3`

### How will those funds be used?

> Donations sent to the Silent Payment address are personal contributions to individual members of The Wasabi Wallet Developers, a collective of contributors to the Wasabi Wallet project.

Reviewer: this sentence is hard for me to understand.

could be simplified to something like "Funds are distributed among contributors"

EDIT: next sentence has this, maybe remove this one?

Author: Sorry, this sentence needs to stay. It is important to clearly state that donations are personal donations to individual developers, not to any legal entity.

Author: I improved it slightly
